Update `stylelint-polaris` config to address out of memory issues (#7954)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/nervous-bats-switch.md

---
'@shopify/stylelint-polaris': patch
---

> Use RegExp pattern to exclude invalid scope reports and address memory issues

Author: ```suggestion
Use RegExp pattern to exclude reporting invalid scope disables and address memory issues
```
